[Speed] Updates name (#16947)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/speed/optimization/content/speed-brain.mdx

- The web page requested by the prefetch is eligible for cache.
- The page requested by the prefetch does not invoke a Worker.

For more information about Speculation Rules API, refer to the [Chrome documentation](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages)

## What is Speed Brain?

The overall goal of Speed Brain is to try to download a webpage to the browser before a user navigates to it.

Cloudflare leverages the [Speculation Rules API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Speculation_Rules_API) to improve web page performance by instructing the browser to consider prefetching future navigations. Speed Brain does not improve page load time for the first page that is visited on a website, but it can improve it for subsequent web pages that are navigated to on the same site.

By prefetching pages that the browser considers likely to be navigated to, Speed Brain can enhance key metrics like [Largest Content Paint](https://web.dev/articles/lcp) (LCP), [Time to First Byte](https://web.dev/articles/ttfb) (TTFB) and overall page load time.

## How Speed Brain works

> When Cloudflare’s Speed Brain feature is enabled, an HTTP header called `Speculation-Rules` is added to web page responses. The value for this header is an URL that hosts an opinionated Speculation-Rules configuration. This configuration instructs the browser to consider prefetching any future navigations with a `conservative` [eagerness](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages#eagerness).

Author: ```suggestion
When Cloudflare's Speed Brain feature is enabled, an HTTP header called `Speculation-Rules` is added to web page responses. The value for this header is an URL that hosts an opinionated Speculation-Rules configuration. This configuration instructs the browser to consider prefetching any future navigations with a `conservative` [eagerness](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages#eagerness).
```

## RUM integration

Speed Brain is designed to integrate with Web Analytics & Real User Measurements (RUM). This integration allows you to understand the web performance implications of Speed Brain within the Web Analytics interface in Cloudflare's Dashboard.

While you can use Speed Brain without RUM enabled, you will not have visibility into how the feature is affecting the performance of your web pages. For further details on how to set up RUM, refer to the [Web Analytics & RUM](/web-analytics/) documentation.

## Enable and disable Speed Brain

> Speed Brain is available in Cloudflare’s **Speed** tab of the dashboard and also in the API and Terraform.

Author: ```suggestion
Speed Brain is available in Cloudflare's **Speed** tab of the dashboard and also in the API and Terraform.
```
